Add notes for AUTO hints (#12076)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/auto_device_selection.md

@endsphinxdirective

#### Notes

> `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::THROUGHPUT` and `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::CUMULATIVE_THROUGHPUT` will trigger Auto-Batching (for example, for the GPU device) by default, you can disable it by setting ov::hint::allow_auto_batching(false), you can also change the default timeout by setting ov::auto_batch_timeout(1000). Check [Automatic Batching](./automatic_batching.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::THROUGHPUT` mode and the `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::CUMULATIVE_THROUGHPUT` mode will trigger Auto-Batching (for example, for the GPU device) by default. You can disable it by setting `ov::hint::allow_auto_batching(false)`, or change the default timeout value to a large number, e.g. `ov::auto_batch_timeout(1000)`. See [Automatic Batching](./automatic_batching.md) for more details.
```

> If no hint is set to AUTO, AUTO will set THROUGHPUT hint to any device wihtout any `ov::device::priorities` for it. For example, we have CPU and GPU on the system, core.compile_model("AUTO", ov::device::properties("CPU", ov::enable_profiling(true))) will set THROUGHPUT hint to GPU, will not set any hint to CPU even the CPU is the slected device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If no performance hint is set explicitly, AUTO will set THROUGHPUT for devices that have not set `ov::device::priorities`. For example, if you have both a CPU and a GPU in the system, this command `core.compile_model("AUTO", ov::device::properties("CPU", ov::enable_profiling(true)))` will set THROUGHPUT for the GPU only. No hint will be set for the CPU although it's the selected device.
```

> - If no performance hint is set explicitly, AUTO will set THROUGHPUT for devices that have not set `ov::device::priorities`. For example, if you have both a CPU and a GPU in the system, this command `core.compile_model("AUTO", ov::device::properties("CPU", ov::enable_profiling(true)))` will set THROUGHPUT for the GPU only. No hint will be set for the CPU although it's the selected device.

Reviewer 2: Could we separate default throughput hint and device specific priorities as two paragraphs.

> - If no performance hint is set explicitly, AUTO will set THROUGHPUT for devices that have not set `ov::device::priorities`. For example, if you have both a CPU and a GPU in the system, this command `core.compile_model("AUTO", ov::device::properties("CPU", ov::enable_profiling(true)))` will set THROUGHPUT for the GPU only. No hint will be set for the CPU although it's the selected device.

Reviewer: btw I'm curious that there are both `ov::device::priorities` and ov::device::properties in this paragraph. Is this how it's supposed to be?

Author: Yes. Both should be ov::device::properties. Thanks a lot!

@endsphinxdirective

> #### AUtomatic Batching

Reviewer: Disabling Auto-Batching for THROUGHPUT and CUMULATIVE_THROUGHPUT

> #### AUtomatic Batching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Disabling Auto-Batching for THROUGHPUT and CUMULATIVE_THROUGHPUT
```

> The `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::THROUGHPUT` mode and the `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::CUMULATIVE_THROUGHPUT` mode will trigger Auto-Batching (for example, for the GPU device) by default. You can disable it by setting `ov::hint::allow_auto_batching`(false), or change the default timeout value to a large number, e.g. `ov::auto_batch_timeout(1000)`. See [Automatic Batching](./automatic_batching.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::THROUGHPUT` mode and the `ov::hint::PerformanceMode::CUMULATIVE_THROUGHPUT` mode will trigger Auto-Batching (for example, for the GPU device) by default. You can disable it by setting `ov::hint::allow_auto_batching(false)`, or change the default timeout value to a large number, e.g. `ov::auto_batch_timeout(1000)`. See [Automatic Batching](./automatic_batching.md) for more details.
```
Is `ov::hint::allow_auto_batching(false)` a piece of command? If not, we should explicitly say "`ov::hint::allow_auto_batching` to false".

Author: Yes. It is a workable C++ statement.

> #### THROUGHPUT as default hint

Reviewer: If we put like this, I suggest this section should be under the "THROUGHPUT mode" part.

- [Supported Devices](supported_plugins/Supported_Devices.md)

> [autoplugin_accelerate]: ../img/autoplugin_accelerate.png

Reviewer: Has this image already been added?

Author: I don't why this is marked as a change, it is the same as old one.

Reviewer: Then it's OK. :)
